Previously on
The Other Way...
We can finally be married.
Best day ever!
I mean,
they're gonna come in
and start telling me how to
live my life in my own house?
I might have a little bit
of a problem with that.
Asking me to
let his parents come
and live with me?
Hell no.
I'm glad that
you're there for him,
but I was just curious,
like, if you guys were,
like, talking about
infidelity and stuff.
Hiromi is right.
I can't ignore
Victor's affair forever.
I am not a virgin.
Alina's mom
is visiting us in Turkey,
but if Alina tells her mom
what went down between us,
she's gonna hate me
from the start.
I have to go.
It wasn't actually just,
like, a one-night thing.
You know,
she was my girlfriend.
I don't know
what to say right now.
Pack up your things
because I'm not gonna put up
with this anymore.
Hi, Deepali.
I'm fine. How are you?
I missed you.
Just a few days ago,
Sumit's mom proposed
that she and his dad
should move in together
with me and Sumit.
Let's go find, like, a little
cafe or some place to sit.
And to me,
that's absolutely crazy
to even think about that.
No.
Me and Sumit have
eaten here before.
It's very good, the rolls...
Deepali is my best
female friend in India.
Actually, she's my only
She is actually Sumit's
friend Rohit's sister
and her and I get along
very well together.
As I tend to just get along
better with younger people
than people my own age.
Yes, sweet lassi.
- Okay.
You know, with me and Sumit,
everything is great.
Yeah.
- But I have to tell you that,
um, we went
to a family counselor.
We, we... we were saying...
just try to think, like,
what can help get his parents
to understand and listen
because, you know,
all his mom wants to do
is yell and fight.
Against.
Thank you.
There's always
a struggle with his mom,
but you know what she said?
She wants to come and live
with us in our house.
"And I would train you
how to become
a traditional Indian wife."
What the problem is
I'm not a young Indian girl,
so I don't need someone
to come and train me
how to do things in my house.
Well, you still have
to remember that
I am still an American.
I mean, I should be.
I'm just kinda, like...
Is she really...
Does she really mean it
or is she just saying it?
Or is she just trying to run
me out of India? Which is it?
To get me away from
her son and out of India,
and because of everything I've
already been through with her,
and I've seen the hate
and anger on her face.
So, it's hard for me
to believe her.
For all I know she's thinking,
"She won't be able
to handle it
and she'll run back
to America,
and I'll break them up,"
and she'll be, like, "Yes!
I did it, I won,
and I have my son back now."
Like a trial kind
of thing or...
Maybe I am overthinking it.
Maybe I should give it a try.
I mean, if Sumit's mom
is really serious
and she's really trying
to get to know me better
and get a relationship
with me, then sure,
let's try it.
Deepali, I hope you're right.
But if they come to stay
with us for a few days
and his mom is just there
trying to bother us,
they need to leave
and go back home.
And there will be
no moving in.
Victor and I have
been staying at a hotel.
It's kinda taking a toll on us
and it's actually
super expensive.
Okay.
All right.
We want a home base.
Something with a kitchen,
so we can cook
and save a little bit
of money.
There we go.
Oh!
This is pretty cool.
So we've decided
to rent an apartment
in San Andres.
Yeah.
Whatever that cologne is
it's nice.
Well, whatever,
it smells good.
Moving in together
under these circumstances
are kind of strange,
but at least
we can settle down
and maybe we can actually
talk about things
that seemed important
before the hurricane.
Um, so, like,
something that we need
to talk about a little bit...
Originally, when I was
coming to Providence...
- Yeah.
- Um,
like, one of the things
I immediately wanted
to talk to you about
was the whole
cheating incident.
Yeah?
And then,
of course, like,
with the hurricane it kinda,
like, went on the back burner.
We've only talked
about it on the phone,
we've never talked
about it in person.
Yeah.
You actually moved in
with this person.
You guys were talking about,
like, having kids.
At least that's what she said.
That's crazy.
Is it, though?
I don't know,
you have to, like,
explain this to me
a little bit.
I don't know,
I just, like...
it was during the quarantine,
and I didn't even mean
most of the things
that we were talking about.
When you were,
like, staying with her,
was she supporting you?
Yeah.
I mean, she told me
you wanted her to
buy you a motorcycle.
No.
'Cause you really
want a motorcycle.
Well, you know what?
Because you're
the one that lied.
The only reason
I found out was
because the girl
he was cheating on me with
messaged me, but before that,
I think he thought
he was gonna get away with it.
I don't think
he's using me for money.
I feel like
he really loves me,
but of course,
it's in the back of my head
because I've sent him money
to help him out in the past.
But... maybe that's just
my own insecurities talking.
I mean, I just don't know
if you realize, like,
how much that hurt me.
Sometimes you just seem
so matter-of-fact about it.
But, like, there was
somebody on the other end
with kind of a broken heart,
you know?
And it totally sucked.
When you, like,
injure somebody like that
it takes a while to,
like, fully recover.
But I think, you know,
just, like, us being together,
we can work on that.
I'm hoping that
this will be the last time
that we talk
about the infidelity.
I really do want
to put that in the past
'cause I don't want it
to be hanging over us.
Here comes Ari.
Hi!
I really wish Bini was here.
What are you doing?
Okay.
I'm worried that with Avi
and I so far away,
this could cause
problems for us.
I've been
thinking more of the, uh,
idea of having a baby.
A baby?
People that are
approaching 60s
usually aren't having babies.
We're just landing
in Germany now, in Frankfurt.
And Avi is handling it
very, very well.
Avi and I are heading
back to the U.S.,
so Avi can get
his surgery there.
Yeah! We're going to see
grandma and grandpa.
- You're gonna see America
for the first time. Yeah!
I haven't been back to
the US in, like, over a year.
It's a very surreal feeling.
Arriving flight, hooray.
It's where Ari is.
My baby's coming home
with the baby.
- Yeah.
- The baby with the baby.
Seven months have gone by
since I've seen her
and seven months
since I've seen Avi.
It's been very difficult
for me not to talk to her
all the time and, so...
This is a wonderful day
for me.
Should we pull up there
for it?
Pick the best spot.
The best spot
is wherever Ari comes up.
Here comes Ari.
Roman, come out. Ari's here.
Hi!
Look how big he is.
Look at
the size of him.
The only time that
I've seen Avi is
when we were
in Ethiopia in January.
Do you know who I am?
He says,
I don't even know who I am.
- I've been flying
for 24 hours.
I'll just enjoy, uh,
watching this, uh, wonderful
eight-month-old crawl,
walk, babble, laugh, poop.
- Hi, Ari.
- Hi, Mom.
Oh, my God.
It's so good to see you.
You guys look great.
Oh, I love him so much!
It's your grandma!
Do you recognize me
from the videos... video chat?
I love you so much.
Okay, are we ready?
- How does it feel to be back?
It feels weird.
Why?
I don't know, the air is
different in New Jersey
and, like, it's, like,
summer here.
We never get this feeling
of summer in Ethiopia.
What do you think
that you wanna do first
when you get home?
Oh, my God. So many things.
We have to,
as soon as possible,
get his surgery and then,
um, I wanna hang out
with you guys as much
as possible.
See all the aunts
and uncles and cousins.
We're gonna have to fight
over Avi, though.
Yeah.
I'm excited to experience
life in the U.S. again.
But I really wish Bini
was here also, you know?
It would be a much more
complete experience
and a better trip
if Bini was with us.
I wanna call Bini
and check in with him.
- How are you?
- Hi, Biniyam.
I'm here with my mom,
my dad, my nephew, Roman,
and your little son.
Avi's listening to your voice.
Say, "Hi, Avi!"
We miss you.
What are you doing?
Okay.
In the past, being
long distance has not been
good for our relationship.
I didn't really consider
that fact
when I decided to come
to the US for Avi's surgery.
I'm worried that with Avi
and I so far away,
this could cause
a whole different set
of problems for us.
- We love you, all of us.
He sounds better than
I thought he would be, Ari.
Yeah, I know.
Hannah?
It's been like 15 years
since I really did nails.
You miss
raising your kids?
- Yeah. When they were
her age--
- Do you remember?
Oh, yes. God.
Our wedding
is in two months
and now that we've picked
a date, I'm very excited
to be planning all
the details for our wedding.
You like?
Ooh.
Aww.
Love you.
- Bye.
- Thank you.
Woo-hoo. We can
hit the club tonight.
- Do you want some more
coffee real quick?
- Sure.
Let me get us
a little more.
Even though
the wedding is looming large
in our life right now,
I can't help but to think
of my future with Kenny.
Where's
your tip money?
My pocket.
Here,
you can hold on to mine.
Cheers.
- Love you.
Babe,
so I've been thinking more...
Sometimes, like,
I have felt like, um...
An emptiness
or something's missing.
Just feeling like
we're family and then...
I've been thinking more
of the idea of adoption.
Okay.
And since
we last talked,
I actually did do
some research
and I'd like to pursue
it a little more.
Adoption is something
we've been talking
on and off about.
Kenny was hesitant
because of his age,
but I've been thinking
a lot about it
after visiting my family
in San Felipe.
I have a large,
extended family and I've
always wanted more kids.
Previously, I've mentioned,
you know,
I'd like to adopt a child
close to Hannah's age,
but the more
I think about it...
I, I kinda...
like the idea of a baby.
A baby?
A baby is a lot, you know?
Like, remember having a baby?
Like... the work
that goes into a newborn.
People that are
approaching 60s
usually aren't having babies.
Are you...
Be honest with me,
are you kinda more inclined to
this being something
you don't want?
I can envision it.
I can see it.
But I also know we have
to be logical about it.
I'm just saying we just need
to, like, talk on it.
I think having
a baby that's ours,
like, maybe has your blood,
you know?
Wait, what do you mean,
"My blood"?
Like in vitro or something.
Oh.
Oh, you'd wanna go that route?
I don't know. I kinda...
I can't say
it'd be more special, but...
it would in some ways.
I really hadn't mentioned
in vitro to Kenny
because of his age.
So thinking, you know,
about a baby
I think that's even harder
to convince him.
In my view, like,
I want a part of Kenny.
Like, Hannah is mine,
she has my blood.
And to grow our family,
I'd love, you know,
Kenny to donate his sperm
and we would have a baby
that's his blood
and I think it'd be beautiful
to, to have something of his.
It's a very lovely thought,
you know, to have, uh,
another child.
I do love the idea of helping
a child that needs help now.
I could see more so doing,
you know, a older kid
if that could
work out somehow.
I think we'd make amazing
parents together
and I think we would give
a child a beautiful home.
But he's still young,
he's 32 years old
and I'm 58.
So I have reservations,
you know, as you get older,
you know, you don't know
what's gonna happen.
You know, I never think about
the age thing at all.
It never enters my mind.
But with this it's kind of...
It's kind of a hit in the face
just thinking about...
I don't know.
Cause you get to a certain age
when you start thinking,
you know, how much
is in my rearview mirror
and how much of my life
is still ahead of me.
Yeah.
It's something for you
to think about, too,
because I don't want
you to be left alone
raising another child
without me.
Yeah, but, I mean...
I don't wanna think about
you being gone.
It's just something that
we really have to,
you know, weigh everything out
and really think about.
Your age doesn't matter,
it's just a journey
I'd like to start with you.
It does put
pressure on me
to want to make
his dreams come true
because ultimately,
I always want to
make him happy
and make his dreams come true.
Um... But I really want him
to think about everything
that goes into this
and how much is
involved with it.
Like, I know I just threw
the whole in vitro thing
on you out of nowhere.
I think we can
talk more about it.
I'm not saying never.
I'm just, you know,
you just hit me with it,
so I have to think
and process that.
We just have to take
it step by step.
A lot to think about, babe.
Sumit's parents are arriving
at the house tomorrow morning.
No, thank you.
Wow.
Could I do one
of these frozen things?
- Could I do like half mango?
- Yeah.
And half banana?
And what do you want, Anna?
Thank you so much, sir.
I'll just keep one menu
just in case.
Um...
It's not especially written,
any of the negative side
effects of any of the things
that we should abstain from.
But by taking care
of our bodies,
we'll be blessed
with knowledge
and the angel of destruction
will pass by.
Mmm-hmm.
I want Alina's
family to join the church.
I want everyone to join,
in the whole world,
but especially them
because they're gonna
be my family.
Ooh. Thank you so much.
So I decided just
to let her know that
I would be thrilled
if she were to convert
with Alina into the LDS faith.
I was not expecting
that this would be
how lunchtime would go.
Alina told her mom
that I'm not a virgin
and Alina's mom is just...
pew, pew, pew.
You know?
Shooting questions at me
left and right.
I was hoping that Alina
and I could talk about this
between each other before
bringing it up with her mom...
In front of me.
I didn't actually start
having actual, like,
intercourse until I was,
like, probably like 23.
And because obviously
I'm a believer
in abstinence also,
like, abstinence is probably
the best way
not to get pregnant.
Like, only one girl's gotten
pregnant being abstinent.
But then once I stepped up,
it became a lot harder
to remain abstinent
because sex is...
enjoyable, obviously.
And it's kinda like
eating vegetables
after you eat a candy bar.
Obviously,
she's feeling that
I should be better.
And she's right,
But I am really nervous
that all my promises to be
a better person to Alina,
no matter how many I make,
won't be enough
to convince her to stay
and that her mom's gonna
try to get her to go home
with her.
Um...
I live in a completely
different country
than my whole entire everyone.
All you wanna do is stand here
and argue and fight with me.
After talking
with Deepali,
me and Sumit did decide
that a good compromise
would be to have his family
come and stay with us
for just a couple of days.
And his parents
were fine with that.
Wow, that just barely,
barely fit through the door.
Sumit's parents are arriving
at the house tomorrow morning,
so Sumit and I have
ordered some furniture
to be ready for them
in the guest room.
Bye, thank you.
Oh, yeah. Phew!
I still think that by trying
to make me into
a traditional Indian wife,
they're just trying
to manipulate me
and get me to fail.
They know I'm gonna fail.
But Sumit keeps telling
me to stay positive,
so that's
what I'm trying to do.
Um, this is gonna be
your parents' room, right?
Mmm-hmm.
Okay.
First of all I'm thinking,
"Why do I have to give up
my bedroom when there's
a guest bedroom over here?"
But in India,
anybody that comes
into their home
is just, "Welcome.
This is your home.
Make yourself at home."
I'm just hoping that
Sumit's mom
won't actually want
to sleep in our bed.
I mean, no, thank you.
Don't they have
a nicer house than we do?
I'm surprised they didn't
call us to come and live there
with them.
Yeah.
I-- it just makes me feel like
if they're still trying
to hide everything,
how do you think,
by them coming over here,
that's gonna make them accept
our relationship more easily?
How is that gonna help?
I'm living my best life,
actually, right now.
The best life I've ever lived.
In America, I worked six days
a week, sometimes more.
I had a lot of bills,
had a lot of responsibility.
Right now, I'm living the life
that I always dreamed of.
I can wake up when I want to.
I get up and I do what
I want when I want to,
and I was under
the impression that
Sumit was happy living
the way we live.
I mean, for me, it's gonna be
a major adjustment.
I live in a completely
different country
than my whole entire everyone.
And you're talking about...
you can go visit your parents
at any time.
No, you...
You can miss your parents.
You can miss your parents,
you can go visit them
any time.
Can I go visit
my daughters any time?
All you wanna do is stand here
and argue and fight with me.
That's what you wanna do.
Okay. Hmm.
I'm gonna try here.
But I'm just saying,
like, on me is very stressful.
Hannah actually said
she wanted to come with us.
But I just told her we had
some adult things to do.
Yeah.
I just don't think
it's the time to even
tell her anything
or even mention anything.
No. No.
Until we're more sure
of what we're doing.
After our
conversation the other day
about growing our family
I still have
reservations about it.
But I will do my due diligence
and find out
what our chances are
that we can adopt
and what it entails.
I'm really happy
that you found this place
and that they were receptive.
Maybe it's a sign.
I just wonder how hard it
is for same sex couples
to even adopt any--
at all in Mexico.
I've called
a few adoption agencies
- and they all seem to be
more religious... managed?
- Based.
Based.
Um, 'cause I usually call,
and I have said
that we're a same sex couple
and, you know, they...
they're quick to
wanna hang up the phone.
Um, there was one that did,
you know, answer
and they were nice.
It was one that's privately
managed and it's all HIV kids.
I'm sure there's more of
a need for children like these
to have a home or find a home.
You know, we have to look
at the medical side of it,
obviously,
and what that entails.
Yeah.
There's a lot of questions
to ask.
When Armando first told me
about the orphanage
that has all these
HIV positive children...
Oh, it's right here.
...there's all kinds
of things that
go through my head.
I actually came out right
before, um, HIV and AIDS
was hitting all the big cities
in the United States
and by the end of the '80s,
I lost 80% of the people
I knew.
Hearing that there is
this orphanage out there,
that is helping,
um, children with HIV,
it actually warms my heart,
and it makes me
want to visit it,
and it makes me want to see
what I can do to help.
- Do we ring a bell or...
- Right there.
I think it rang.
Has she ever heard of
a same sex couple adopting?
Okay.
She's only heard of, like,
one case in Mexico City
and here she knows
there's a lesbian couple.
Okay.
So the whole process
of adoption...
she says, like, some...
you know,
each case is different.
She has, uh, one of the,
uh, girls that was adopted
from here,
their process was four years.
Wow.
I completely understand that,
um... families and people,
adults need to be vetted,
you know, to make sure
that these kids will be
in good hands and good homes.
Uh, I'm completely for it,
but part of me,
it seems like, it's gonna be
a lot, a lot,
you know, to have
to go through
with government stuff
and who knows
how many years down the line
we would be able to adopt
and where we would be.
So it just makes me kinda,
you know,
question how long
the process is gonna take
and if this is
the best way forward.
Okay.
Hi.
- Hola.
Hola.
Do you want to
give them stuff?
When the kids ran over to us,
it was truly amazing.
You're welcome.
De nada.
Having come out
when HIV and AIDS
just went rampant,
friends were just dying
left and right.
I don't know how many
funerals I went to.
How many wakes
and memorials I went to.
Go long.
So actually, the thought of,
um... adopting a child
with the same thing that was
a death sentence 30 years ago,
and people
were shunning people,
and didn't wanna be
near people,
and family were disowning
their children that had it,
I would love to now take
that child that's here today
and embrace them and hug them
and support them
and show them
how loved they are.
There's a lot of concerns
about adopting
a child with HIV.
Um...
Are medications really
available here in Mexico,
how will it affect Hannah,
how will it affect
Armando's family
and the stigma
around HIV in Mexico?
But being here really
makes me wanna help one
of these children.
Do you like it?
- Oh, my God.
- Ain't that the sweetest
when he eats his own chicken?
I'm so glad you guys are here.
I know.
I've been back in New Jersey
for a couple of days,
staying at my sister
Kristin's house
and it's been nice to be home.
Avi!
- My Avi!
Oh, you're so excited
to see me.
- Hooray! Hooray!
- Yeah!
- Grandma and Grandpa!
- Oh, my God.
- He's so cute,
I can't stand it.
Hey, El.
- Oh, hey, Ari. How are you?
- Hey, looking good.
Don't wanna get
chicken all over you.
Nice to see you.
Who's this little guy?
Look how cute he is.
He's eating chicken soup.
Hey, buddy.
Who's
he look like, El?
He looks just like his,
uh, grandpa.
I'm really excited
that my brother's bride
and Elliot
are gonna be meeting Avi
for the first time.
Look, it's Uncle B.
He's huge. Oh, my God,
he's so heavy.
He's not
a newborn, Brad.
- He's like 24 pounds.
It's the first time
you see him, right?
It's really great to be
surrounded by my family again.
Yeah!
Being around people
that I know do care about me
and want the best for me.
Because when I'm in Ethiopia,
I can't say the same.
How does it feel
to be here?
Feeling good.
And all the noise
and craziness,
did you miss it?
I did.
You know what? I ought to be
honest with you, I...
I can't stand
not having you guys here.
It makes me crazy.
My goal, I mean,
I'm not gonna lie, is to see
if I can convince you guys
to come and be near us.
In all honesty,
I really would like Ari
to live here
in Princeton with us.
Every mother would like
to have your daughter
and your grandchildren
here with you.
I also feel that
Biniyam might be able
to communicate better with her
if he understood what her life
is like here in Princeton.
Uh, I mean, you know,
I'm gonna go back to Ethiopia.
You know, I promised him
I would go back,
so I'm not gonna
go back on my word.
Oh, absolutely,
but, like, long term,
do you plan to live there?
Yeah, I mean,
I like our life in Ethiopia.
It's, you know,
something I set my mind to,
and we've been doing it.
I've been trying to learn
Amharic and the culture,
you know?
So, you know,
that's our plan to stay there.
I'm just gonna
be honest with you,
I think that now that
he's gonna be a year old
before you know it,
I think you need to consider
where you're gonna raise him
and what kind of
school systems
you want him to be in,
and I think that
the best opportunities
he could have
are here in the United States.
I never expected
that Ari would want to live
long term in Ethiopia.
I'm just concerned
because I think now
it's all fun and games,
he's still a baby,
he's still portable.
School seems so far off,
but she's gonna
wake up to that fact.
You have to raise a person,
a human being.
Where do you want
that to take place
and what do you want
for his life?
So, I mean, do you... have you
talked to Biniyam about this?
I mean, in the United States,
Biniyam's gonna have,
you know, an easier time
finding employment.
You know, you guys can
build a life here.
Honestly,
it's not even an option.
Even if we wanted
to come here, you know?
About seven months ago,
I applied for the K1 Visa
for Bini.
Since Corona happened,
the embassy's closed,
so I don't even know
if they're still working
on the Visas at this point.
Uh, at the time I wasn't
necessarily planning
on using it to live
in the U.S.,
because for one thing,
Bini never liked the idea
of leaving Ethiopia.
But my mom encouraged us
to apply as soon as possible.
She told me these
things do take time,
you never know what could
happen in the future.
So you haven't heard anything
back from that process?
Just that
they cashed the check.
Right.
When I applied for it,
I wasn't sure that we wanted
to move here,
but I at least wanted
to have the option, you know?
At least, we could decide that
we wanted to stay in Ethiopia
or do we wanna
go to the States.
So it's my burning
question again, Ar.
If you could get the Visa
tomorrow, would you come here?
I mean, as much as...
as much as I love,
you know, being back,
I don't have a house here,
I don't have a job here.
And, you know, coming back
here feels like visiting.
Listen, I love you,
but you need to wake up.
Like, you did
your little thing,
you had the baby
in Ethiopia...
You should be
really proud of yourself.
...now you gotta get
real about life.
We wanna see him grow up.
- Safely!
And with good education.
- Yes!
- To U.S.!
- U.S.A.!
I wanna see you grow up, Avi!
We wanna see you grow up.
I do wonder what it would
be like to live in the U.S.
with Bini
and my family made
a lot of good points.
But I know Bini doesn't
wanna leave Ethiopia,
so I'm not sure
that if we got the Visa
that Bini would be willing
to make the same
sacrifices for me
that I've made for him.
They're for you.
Evelin wants me to leave,
but I told her
I'm gonna fight
for our relationship
until the day that
I'm basically forced
out of there.
Sumit and I recently
invited his parents to come
and stay with us for just
a trial move-in situation.
It's been several days
since I told Evelin
the full truth about Jenny.
She's letting me stay
in the extra room,
but we haven't really talked.
I don't wanna give up
on my relationship
with Evelin.
So, I'm just hoping that
things can work itself out.
It's been weird.
She hasn't really been wanting
to talk with me.
She wants me to move out.
I don't wanna move out.
Evelin wants me to leave,
but...
I told her I'm gonna fight
for our relationship
until the day that
I'm basically forced
out of there.
So I'm just... I don't know
what I'm writing right now,
I'm just writing
what's in my head
and I really just want
to prove to Evelin
that I'm sorry
and I'm not gonna make any...
I won't make
any more mistakes.
They're for you.
Yeah.
I'm not gonna sign
the divorce papers, not yet.
That's fine.
Cause I'm not going
to accept that.
I want you to give
me another chance.
I don't wanna give up on this.
I'm gonna stay with Raul
until you change your mind.
I've been in
these situations before,
and we've, we've worked,
you know, back into things,
but this time
it's like a whole other level.
Like, I feel like
she's never been this devoted
to us separating
and it's really scary,
actually.
But if Evelin serves me
with divorce papers right now,
I'll rip them up in her face.
Okay. Umm.
Do you think that
this is gonna be, like,
really expensive?
Victor and I have been
in San Andres
for about a week.
We are going to Providencia
tomorrow morning
and this time we're hoping
to start rebuilding.
Financially,
this is gonna be a strain.
Like, it's nothing I'd really
planned for or budgeted for.
I had planned to go
to Providencia
and live with Victor.
Now I'm renting a place
in San Andres
and I'm also paying
for the reconstruction
of the house.
It's funny cause
I don't think in
our hardware stores
you can just buy a machete.
No.
Victor,
he doesn't have any money.
You know, he's been
like living in COVID
and now this hurricane.
So it's putting a lot
of pressure on me.
Uh...
558. 558.
Oh, my God.
That's really expensive.
I can get a drill
in the U.S. for like $50.
Yeah.
I don't think
that Victor, like,
necessarily sees
the value of money sometimes.
I think he thinks
I'm American,
and I just have
like mad money.
And when something cost
like almost twice as much
as what I'd normally spend,
it's really hard to justify
spending that money.
Could you ask him
about the drill or...
They'll just see if
there's like another
or like a cheaper drill.
No, we don't. Because those
things charge for a while.
Why?
Yeah, I understand.
I understand how that works.
My drill lasts for,
like, weeks.
Yeah, weeks.
How much is
that battery?
You know, with the drill
plus the backup battery,
that's a good amount of time.
That just seems like
it would be too excessive
to buy a really
expensive generator.
Whatever, you're the one
doing the work,
so you do whatever you want.
I wish he would understand
more where I'm coming from
when I'm trying
to budget and, you know,
make the smart choices
about money.
I don't mind being, like,
the bigger breadwinner
in our relationship,
because I definitely have
more means than he does,
but I think sometimes he's not
that appreciative of it
and that bothers me.
$230, basically.
If my family knew
we were having a baby,
they'd have
better feelings than
if we said we're gonna
adopt a child with HIV.
There'd be so much
judgment around it.
This is like,
with you being gay,
you being in a relationship
with a man,
that's their problem.
Merry-go-round.
I haven't seen one of these
since I was a little kid.
I get dizzy really quick.
I'll spin you guys.
Wait.
I'm dizzy just looking at it.
Jump on for a second.
Oh, God.
Recently, Armando and I
have been talking about
growing our family and we're
weighing out our options.
- Do you feel sick?
- Oh, yes. I do.
A few days ago,
we visited an orphanage
with HIV-positive children.
And it really let me open
to the possibility
of adopting a child like this.
Woah.
But Armando also brought up
that he would want a baby
through in vitro.
So, at this point,
I think Armando and I
need to talk this out
and see where we both stand.
I got dizzy.
I know.
Let's have a seat
'cause I'm too dizzy.
- You dizzy?
- From the spinning.
I told you I'd make
the world spin for you.
It wasn't you
this time.
You think you can handle
more than one at a time?
I think I can.
I am, like, in a debate
in my head of what
necessarily to do.
What I'm leaning towards
right now is adoption.
I would like to start
that process
and then we can visit
surrogacy
or something like that,
down the line.
You wanna start surrogacy down
the line, but when is that?
I don't know.
I am more leaning
to having a baby
because the idea is wonderful.
Because having Kenny's
bloodline in our family,
like, that would really unify
and bring our family
closer together.
Um, and also the fact of,
I do think of the battle
within myself,
within my family,
within the government
and everything we would have
to go through to adopt,
because it is
a very long process,
and it just might never happen
and not work for us
five years down the line.
I think if my family knew
we were having a baby,
they'd have better feelings
than if we said we're gonna
adopt this...
a child with HIV.
There'd be so much
judgement around it.
I wouldn't choose
to have a child,
a baby based on families
or outside influence.
I would base it on
what we want,
not what they want.
It's not based on them,
you're not understanding me.
I wanna have a baby that has
your blood and I love that,
but then thinking as a whole
it'd be easier for me
to not have to explain myself
left and right.
It's like, with you being gay,
you being in a relationship
with a man.
That's their problem.
I know Armando would
have a difficult time
and a struggle
talking to his family
if we were to adopt
an HIV child.
You know, he just went through
years of battling with them,
with coming out and them
trying to deal with it.
And I wouldn't want it
to put a strain on it
where they would have a break
in their relationship,
'cause I would
never want that.
Like, if my daughter says,
"Oh, no, I wouldn't want you
to have...
adopt an HIV baby
'cause I wouldn't want him
around my kid"
or something like that,
that would
be her problem, then.
Okay, then let's not
think about my family.
Why is... why are you more
focused on adopting now?
I would rather help a kid
than make a kid.
Well, and I feel
your feelings too.
I felt the same way
going to the orphanage
and the intention to help.
But also, I mean,
being honest,
your age got me thinking, too.
Like, why are
we putting ourselves
in this hard position,
this long road ahead of us
that will be hard.
But, so, like,
if I told you...
I just wanna have a baby,
you don't want that?
No, I... no, no, no,
I didn't say that.
I can see it happening
and obviously
I also understand
that waiting for an adoption
is a long road.
I understand that.
I know adoption seems like
it would take a lot longer.
Um... and unfortunately,
that's where I do have
to look at my age
because I am... um...
I am the age what I am and...
um...
It's something
to really think about.
I say we just focus
on this wedding
'cause this is, like,
stressful enough.
- Yeah.
- And then, after that,
we just look into both and see
what both have to offer.
She wants me
to go back to Russia
and I still have no idea
what to do.
This is where all
the cooking happens.
She's going through
my kitchen and finding
every single thing wrong,
making me clean and sweep.
Hi.
Oh, yes. I can't wait.
Sumit and I recently invited
his parents to come and
stay with us for just
a trial move-in situation.
So Sumit's mom
can start training me
how to be a traditional
"Indian daughter-in-law."
And Sumit is very hopeful
that their intensions
are good,
and they'll finally accept me
as his future wife.
But I'm feeling very
nervous and scared.
Mmm-hmm.
I'm gonna try my best.
I'm not gonna be perfect
and I'm gonna do things wrong.
What I need from you
is just please have my back.
Like, like...
defend me if they...
if they start coming at me.
Have my back, don't...
don't throw me under the bus.
We'd like
to invite you in.
Hi, beautiful Sadhna.
Thank you.
It's a happy moment for us
for you guys to be here.
This shows all
of our marks of our drinks.
Right away she's pointing
at the rings on
the coffee table,
like, this is how
it's all gonna be.
She wanna do
tour of the house.
Okay.
This is where
all the cooking happens.
Hmm.
Okay.
Put everything away.
After you clean,
then you...
I put them up here.
Okay.
I don't know
where the broom is.
She's going through my kitchen
and finding every single thing
wrong, checking every corner,
moving my stuff around,
making me clean and sweep.
Okay?
Well, God damn, man.
If this isn't going the way
exactly I knew it would.
I'm just pissed.
She's... She's just...
It's my kitchen.
Oh, flies?
Jenny...
What?
She's saying don't,
don't feel mad.
This is...
No, I'm, it's...
Sumit's mom is just
starting to make me feel bad,
she's trying
to make me look bad
and she's just trying
to find reasons
to say "Jenny is not
good enough for my son."
I just feel like
this is gonna ruin
our relationship
and I wish that
they would leave now.
Next time on
The Other Way...
I'm excited that Evelin has
agreed to do couple's therapy.
You are here
because you want
the relationship to work,
- correct?
- Yeah.
What is that?
Since I left, you do whatever
the hell you feel like.
I've been so hurt
by Bini's behavior
since I've been in America.
I call you and you turn
your phone off
for three hours.
I can try.
I'm nervous at every moment
that I'm around
Sumit's mother.
But the vibe that I'm getting
is actually very positive.
I even am seeing her smile.
I think that we could
actually be friends.
You tried setting me up?
How do you feel becoming
a new grandpa again?
I want nothing more than to be
with you through this.
I'm gonna be honest
with you...
I am really homesick.
I hope this isn't something
where you'd wanna go back home
and cancel the wedding
or something.
You're scaring me.